[ISSUE #5770]Translation controller quick_start.md chinese document to english document (#5771)
apache/rocketmq: docs/en/controller/quick_start.md

For detailed design ideas, please refer to [Design Ideas](https://chat.openai.com/chat/design.md).

For detailed guidelines on new cluster deployment and old cluster upgrades, please refer to [Deployment Guide](https://chat.openai.com/chat/deploy.md).

## Compile RocketMQ source code

```shell
$ git clone https://github.com/apache/rocketmq.git

$ cd rocketmq

$ mvn -Prelease-all -DskipTests clean install -U
```

## Quick deployment

After successful build

```shell
#{rocketmq-version} replace with rocketmq actual version. example: 5.0.0-SNAPSHOT
$ cd distribution/target/rocketmq-{rocketmq-version}/rocketmq-{rocketmq-version}/

$ sh bin/controller/fast-try.sh start
```

If the above steps are successful, you can view the status of the Controller using the operation and maintenance command.

```shell
$ sh bin/mqadmin getControllerMetaData -a localhost:9878
```

`-a` represents the address of any controller in the cluster

At this point, you can send and receive messages in the cluster and perform switch testing.

> If you need to shut down the quick cluster, you can execute：

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to shutdown the cluster quickly, you can execute：
```

Author: @Oliverwqcwrw  I will fix it later, thanks for you  review

Reviewer 2: @Oliverwqcwrw `shutdown` is a noun... `need to shut down the cluster quickly` is the correct way.

Reviewer: @lizhanhui agree with
